Spy Agency is a competitive card game for 2-4 players where players each have their own deck.

There are different card types: Bases, Agents, Missions, Plots and Tech.

The Market deck is formed of all the Agents, Plots and Tech cards.

The Mission decks are composed of the Mission cards, sorted by tier (1, 2 and 3).

Bases are not shuffled.

There is a marketplace for the Market deck. 5 cards are offered openly for players. At the end of a player turn the marketplace is refreshed by filling empty slots with cards from the deck. The active player may refresh the marketplace by paying $2, which discards all the cards in offer and refills the marketplace immediately.

There is a Mission Grid on offer for players to complete. 3 from each Mission Deck.

Each player starts with 2 Bases (Safehouses) in front of them. They can acquire more bases (Hideaways) with money. The first extra Hideaway costs $5, the next $8, the next $12.

Each player starts with a deck consisting of 5 $1 cards, 2 Barnstormers, and 1 Red Tape card.

Red Tape does nothing.

Each player starts by drawing 5 cards.

When it's their turn, a player may play all the cards in their hand in the order of their choosing.

Agent cards can only be played over a free Base card. Each Base card may only hold one Agent. A player may vacate a Base at any time by discarding the Agent that is there and any cards equipped by that Agent.

Tech cards may be equipped to active Agents (in a base). There is a limit to how many Tech cards an Agent may hold at one time. This limit changes according to the Agent in question.

Plot cards may be played from hand at any time and discarded as soon as their effects have been resolved.

During a player's turn they may buy cards from the marketplace and/or complete missions.

To buy a card the player spends the required amount of money ($) and takes the card, adding it to their discard pile. The space left by the purchased card is only refilled at the end of the turn. If the new card drawn to refill it matches a card already in the Market, place the new card on top of it and draw again.

To complete a Mission the player discards one agent from one of their bases. The number of icons in the Agent and all of their Tech needs to match or exceed the requirement of the Mission. The Mission card itself is added to the player's discard pile -- it is worth the effect indicated. Any cards (Tech or Agent) that offer a choice should be chosen automatically in order to complete the mission, if that's possible.

After the player is done playing their cards the Mission Grid and the 
turn of the player to their left begins. Note that Agents in Bases who were not deployed to complete a mission are not discarded; they remain in the player's play area, as well as any Tech equipped onto them.

The game is over at the end of the round where either of two things have happened:
1) Any of the Mission Decks are empty;
2) The Market Deck is empty.

At the end of the game, players gather the cards in their deck, discard, play and hand areas. The player with the most stars wins the game.

See the card list in the "cards.csv" file.

The UI should show an area with my discard pile, showing the number of cards and which card is on top.
The maraketplace UI should highlight which cards you have enough money to purchase.